This topic should serve for discussions concerning the FlowOpt<->MAKE integration. Currently, the
workflow editor module and the schedule visualiser module are ready for construction, therefore APIs for
communication between those modules and MAKE need to be established. 
Here are some key points to consider:

Initialization
API for creating / closing the connection to MAKE infrastructure + any technical info concerning
the plug-in integration. What do we need to do in order to make other APIs accessible to our code.

Data manipulation
FlowOpt uses a data model somewhat similar (although simpler) to that of MAKE. We plan on using the same 
activities and resources as MAKE (possibly only subset of their attributes though), however workflows
will have to be separated, since their semantics is different in FlowOpt (different workflow model is enforced). 
Both the workflow editor module and the schedule visualiser module have defined XML schemas for files to be used
for communication with MAKE. Hence the need for following API:
 - save a workflow or a schedule (in form of XML file with defined schema) to the DB
 - load a workflow or a schedule (in form of XML file with defined schema) from the DB  
 - list all defined activities in the DB (name + ID)
 - list all defined resources in the DB (name + ID)
 - load a specific activity or resource from the DB
 - list all defined workflows / schedules (name + ID)

I will also create a topic specifically for discussions on the data model, as it is a key concern for
the integration. Up-to date XSD schemas will be posted there. 

Invoking parts of MAKE
For sake of user's convenience and consistency, FlowOpt should be able to invoke certain parts of MAKE:
 - invoke MAKE's activity editor
 - invoke MAKE's resource editor
 - invoke MAKE's calendar on a specified date. The calendar should allow the user to pick a date
    and return this date to the coder.
    Note: we assume that MAKE can do a conversion between abstract time units and real time based on 
    provided data (time start, time step...). Is that right? 

Graphics
No API is strictly necessary for graphics - it depends on MAKE requirements concerning how tight
should the integration be. Our preferred method would be that FlowOpt opens in its own window
and handles graphics in its own way (possibly using different technologies for rendering than MAKE does, like
WPF). In this case, no API would be required.
In case the integration needs to be tighter (i.e. FlowOpt modules whould open within MAKE window), we will
at least need API to gain reference to this window as well as means to render graphics into this window. Also, 
any tools used by MAKE for rendering of workflows / schedules could potentially be reused in FlowOpt.
For sake of visual consistency, any provided resources (fonts, bitmaps, ...) would be welcome, however they are
also not necessary.
Key point here is to state what APIs will we be required to use (because of for ex. consistency) as opposed
to what APIs will we be allowed to use (for convenience). This will allow us to start designing our modules 
architecture.  

Miscellaneus questions   
 - Installation - how much space does MAKE require? Are there any other SW requirements apart from
    MS SQL server? When can the installation be done (we would prefer this to be ASAP)?
 - Do you have any requirements concerning development like use of a specific SDLC, code conventions, 
    testing, versioning system etc. ?